Hello everyone, my name is me, you are watching
Daily Auto Life, how would you feel
if I tell you that when you renew your car
or bike insurance, the
insurance company wants to give you a discount,
but I am saying that you should give up this
discount. It sounds strange, isn't it that
I am asking you to give up the discount? I am
advising you not to save money,
but this is absolutely correct. You must have
heard the name NCB No Claim Bonus. Those who know about it
and those who don't know about it,
both get looted because of it. I too have been
looted a couple of times here and there. After that, I paid a little
attention to how the company is fooling us through discounts like NCB No Claim
Bonus, they are
extracting more money from us for their own benefit.
So let's talk about this.
Insurance is a major factor
for our car and bike, but we pay the
least attention to it. So, there is
a part in the insurance itself,
what is NCB No Claim Bonus? Let me
tell you quickly, you bought your car and you did
not make any claim for the entire year. Next year, when you
renew the insurance of your car, bike  When you
renew your insurance, the company
gives you a little discount. They
say that you have not made any claim last year,
you did
not spend any money of the company from us, so we are
giving you a discount, a bonus, that is
noklam bonus, from here the game starts, it got
into our mind that
we get a discount if we do not make a claim, then
our next insurance becomes
cheaper, but it is not cheaper,
listen how you get the first noklam bonus, how
much do you get,
when you buy a new car you will not
get anything on it, if you buy a bike you will not get anything for the whole
year, if you do not take any discount on it, then
next year you get a 20%
discount, I will
tell you from where and how much you will get, I will also tell you what amount you get 20%, in the
first year you get 20%, that is, in the second
year you get 20%, after that if
you still have not made a claim, till you do
not make a claim, I am telling about it regularly,
then
for 25 years you reach 50%, after that it remains
only 50, if you ever made a claim in between,
then  It will start from zero,
first year zero, then it
goes on in 20-25 ways, this is clear,
after that where will you get it, if
not this is a misconception in the minds of many people, the
company has created this on behalf of all its servers, suppose
you
pick up your policy and see, if your
final amount is written as 20000 which you have paid, then
you are not getting that bonus of 20000 rupees,
there is a time for on damage, we get a discount on the
amount written in front of on damage,
bring your zero depth, you will
not get a discount on that also, you will not get a discount on that also, the
third party will not get a discount on that also,
only the on damage of your vehicle which is on damage
and that is approximately 50
% of the premium you have paid,
if you have paid ₹20000, then
you will get a discount of around ₹10000, whatever may be the amount in the foundation, whatever is
20% of that,
now how do companies
loot us, how do we lose everything  We get cheated many times
until our car does not collide anywhere, even
for small or big things, no one regrets it, a big
discount is given, if an accident happens
everyone takes the claim, there is
no tension about that, we get caught in small matters, how can we
manage, your car
collided, its bonnet bumper got damaged, you went
to the company, how much will it cost,
including labour and wages,
they told 6000 rupees, okay,
keep 6000 in mind, now you
called the surveyor who is the surveyor of the insurance company,
he will say that in this you will pay
6000 rupees, okay, the company will give you 1000 rupees as
file charges, you will say oh it will be done for
1000, then its next
Ramban or Brahmastra will be done,
NCB will say that next year
when you renew the insurance,
you will get 35% NCV, that means
bonus in the job, how much did you pay last year  You
will see, hey I had done ₹20000,
35% of it is ₹7000 code, that means I will have to pay
₹7000 extra,
I can get that much discount, so right now it is being sold for
₹6000, there you will be fined
₹7000, so you
pay from your pocket, he will say you pay from your pocket, so
what will you do, okay brother, I do
n't want insurance, his work is over, now
you pay ₹2000, you get it from outside, you get it from the company, you get it
from the showroom, he does not care, the
insurance company has saved its money, what will
actually happen, if you have got
insurance for ₹20000, okay, so
next time it will not be for ₹20000, that will be
less, we will assume it will be for ₹
17000 and your on damage in ₹17000 is
not ₹17000, in ODI it can be
₹8000  It may be ₹7000,
we will settle for ₹9000, okay, now if we take the
main at ₹9000, you are getting a 35%
discount, so around ₹3500,
₹3500 or ₹4000 maximum,
you have to get only this much discount, so
he had made it ₹7000, you will
get only this much and along with that your file
charge means you can only lose ₹5000,
steel ₹1000 is saved
through the company, and after that one more fun is that
if you take another claim in the same year,
your car collides again,
then you will have to pay only ₹1000, then
your claim bonus is already gone, as soon as
you
take the first insurance claim in the whole year, your bonus is
over, now if you take the second claim, third claim,
fourth claim, you will benefit from that,
you will only have to pay the file charge of ₹1000, there is no
loss in that  So next time
whenever your car gets damaged anywhere and
you go to get insurance, you are a
little nervous about the claim bonus,
friend how much money is there, how much
loss will be incurred, so let me tell you a simple trick, what
you have to do is you
take your insurance policy and see
what is the on damage premium, let's take
₹10000, at present it can be any amount,
let's take ₹10000,
now you have to reduce it by 20%, okay
you have reduced 20% of 10000, next
time your on damage premium will
become ₹8000, now you have to see
how much NCB is added, if it is
20% then you can reduce it, make it 25, make it 25, make it 35, make it
45 and make it 45, make it
50, so whatever it is, we take it, if you had
bought a new car, 20% is written in it,
so next you will get 25% on damage  If you had
withdrawn ₹8000, then it is to come next year and
you will get 25% of your NCB, so
approximately what is 25% of ₹8000, around ₹2000, in
this way whatever is written here, this was an
example, which you can calculate yourself,
how much discount are you getting and
add one thousand rupees to it which is your
file charge, then the total amount that
comes out to you is ₹5000, whatever comes out,
if you have to pay more than that, that is,
if you have to pay more than that to the
company for repairing the car, then
you should take an insurance claim, if your mileage is
less than that, then you
can save the no claim bonus and pay from your pocket,
and in 95% of the cases, there is
no benefit of no claim bonus, you will
always feel that if we take a claim, then
we will be in more profit, if
you are saving even ₹100, then you should save it,
you do not know that in the end
we may need to take a claim again.  Let's say the tyre of
my Nexon car got damaged and there was a
stone stuck in it, it would cost Rs 7-8000,
I had found out that it was
around Rs 7-8-10 thousand, I was saving Rs 5000 in no claim bonus, so I had to go anyway,
now recently it got damaged again, the
insurance has to be renewed in this year, so
before that I will take the claim again, that
means I have saved Rs 20000
because I would have had to pay Rs 2000
twice to change the tyre, now
Rs 3500 is around Rs 5000, then I have saved
Rs 1000, it will cost me to do the
calculation every time, friend the company
wants to fool you, you should
not take small claims from the company, the
company benefits them and no one tells you
that in Honda you get full
cover on this, that is you do not get the entire premium that you have paid,
so you should keep this thing in
mind  It is of the company from where it does
not have to come to us, the money is ours,
we have to think about it ourselves, after our own benefit, no one else has
told us, everyone thinks about their own benefit, the
company will think about its own, we have to
think about our own and I too will think a little about you, if I got to
know about it then I am also sharing it with you so that this does not happen to you tomorrow, there are many factors of insurance, we will talk about all of them one by one, next videos will come, you will get to know in them, so to
get those videos you have to
like this video, subscribe to the channel, see you
in the next video, thank you bye